official DJ is the king of this world he
stopped at it like 13 years ago and we
thought we have to self is a t-shirt a
dog leash it's a tattoo artist with a
thermostat well taste and become fungus
Christian Christian what his name and
make this world of with his name but
he's the king because he make more than
the names you make a story you may look
like this is what it's all about I would
send number one scold scold color when I
mean now we go into the 80s of course
we're talking about foil and metallic
it's unbelievable people die for some
people can't you know not buying it it's
everywhere it's people love it love it
and then smash smash is a really famous
rock star in France its general ed well
I go upwards what's amazing and his real
name is Johnny shelter net and that's
where the smells compound this is johnny
and born in the streets on the only
class you're always going to be on the
back it says board on the street it's a
song of journey led says just finish on
Naboo translating in English we're on
the street
this is a hydrologist man's because we
have mentioned and will mention this is
the license of dimensions are beautiful
is that this is like hot if you want to
catch you on your skin then get it on
your booty the details of the little
crown what is the corner Christian they
are washable this is denim what can well
I'm in working on on to when you in the
burst you don't think about do I kidding
you don't think twice about it that's
what you put on your feet the herb and
every day this is everyday forget the
eggs no it's a body look at this look at
this don't tell me you don't want those
boots this is everyday day and night you
can wear this to go to the beach you can
wear this at night with the miniskirt
there we go look at those rain boots a
beautiful expand and when boots with a
little such as usually we always do
everything perfectly what's coming the
smashes smashers look at those come on
which woman will not wear that moms and
signature I need we fight over it for
sure
you have to know from this is much more
work and definitely more water
let's go to the 80s we're talking about
bright fish our wings call walking alone
there we go everything is there
that's great because I mean if you in
the store it's no one you can say no you
have to buy it yeah even the other kids
you buy it for a final for your book you
have to buy it mom's we already finished
Christmas coming up this is the next
Christmas gift for next Christmas this
is easy so does look at it that's what
the kids waiting for for next Christmas
some printable and every kids you know
want that my son has it and a walk in
Venice California with the skateboard
and all the kids wanted